it feel different to be up there without
a rope it's obviously like much higher
consequence people who know a little bit
about climbing they're like oh he's
totally safe and then people who really
know exactly what he's doing I freaked
out I've thought about our cap like for
years then every year I'm like that's
really scary I'll never be content
unless I at least put in the effort
[Music]
El Cap is the most impressive wall on
earth it's 3,200 feet of sheer granite
it's the center of the rock climbing
universe
obviously I'd get interview questions
about it all the time Oh would you like
to do that you're like yes for sure
so you're a girlfriend now I heard as
awesome pretty much makes life better in
every way
it's really hard for me to grasp why he
wants this but if he doesn't do this
stuff he'd regret it everybody who is
made free soloing a big part of their
life is dead now I haven't been injured
in like seven years unless sudden they
start getting injured all the time what
if something happens what if I don't be
able to get I could just walk wherever
it's like I've always been conflicted
about shooting up something about free
soloing just because it's so dangerous
it's hard to not imagine your friend
falling through the frame to his death I
think when he's free so and so he feels
the most alive most everything how can
you even think about taking it away from
somebody
no mistakes tomorrow
starting to come sight if you're pushing
the edge eventually
you find the edge
[Music]
I can't believe you guys actually been
stitching hey Jimmy do you copy they
just started quite
you